Wannasmile is at a very good position, not only have i worked on it for quite a while
this whole year has been fun! adding in projects and maintaining this has been very easy for me,
issues that arrose at the end are the restrictions against JSDELIVR, DATAURL, and running out of
libraries to leech off on XD 

what i plan to do moving forward for this to work is by learning to port my own assets
this will allow for more creative freedom and less reliability on OLD code, and MIME
type issues that may arise, its great to see what it could of been.
DevBuild is very cool for me, since it gives me background on what it could look like lol.

in the future i want to add these:
1. option buttons bellow asset blocks to have THEME based coloring, rather than just dark all the time.
2. themes to not rely on API's or to load before, preload? or to be more smoothly applied in.
3. i want to fix the problem with most old ports.
MIME TYPE issues, and reliability on JSDELIVR for their BASE urls, this will remove further blockades.
4. create more themes
5. finish the current themes & to make art for the gif states.
6. darked out pages will prob be gone by JUNE, i dont plan on stopping maintanense.
also darked out pages is cool if they were controlled by themes or like themes applied towards
them for further issues, this will be very cool!

besides these issues i genuinely believe that what would be great is to:
create my own privatised API sheets which have no restrictions,
find out more about CDNS and even create my own!
finish filling out albums on SoundScape & going official!
by adding lyrics which are missing rn, and to get a domain which will be used to host all of my
funni projects.

work on Yeezy Night Funkin' && contribute or create my own FNF mods which have support for V slice,
and even creating my own Engine for FNF which is better for HTML and easier porting!
i plan on working on all kanye album mods, im very good or have learned my way around v slice and
its structure,im getting a job for the summer which means i can finally get a new phone since my
"dad" broke the last one in half and crushed it to pieces, wth. i really like IOS and its blue files:))
ill prob purchase a mac for FNF modding and then get a linux based comp which will be used for other larger
projects.

i am genuinely sorry that my own personal life has got in the way of me producing better updates.
things just never go my way, it sucks so badly..

WNACRY

but all i do is SMILE.

-Mcmmatty Obriore


(oh yeah Malware for NK would be hella tuff 👀👀)